public/markdown/pages/os-pages.mdx, before:

---
name: "Operating System Pages"
summary: "About Operating System Pages."
date: "2021-04-12"
---

# Operating System Pages

Each operating system on ULOSINO has it's own Operating System Page. OS Pages are dynamic spaces for OS descriptions, [information tables](/docs/pages/informationtables), links to related information, and links to [ULOSINO Tempo](/docs/tempo) options.

---

## Components

Operating System Pages are made of three key elements.

First there is the description. Then are two sections. There are the links along the top, with information tables underneath.

> **Note:** On desktop, these are to the left and right respectively.

### Description

The description covers most of the page. It's powered by [Markdown](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Markdown) technologies.

The description is a full paragraph covering most aspects of the operating system project. Interesting and unique aspects of the project are highlighted and market position is raised. Descriptions are designed to give you a lot of what you should know about that particular project.

### Links

Next is the links hub. With this hub, you can visit the project's website or their source repository, or donate using ULOSINO Tempo.

> **Note:** Links only appear if they are available.

> **Note:** The ULOSINO Tempo link won't be shown on any OS [if Tempo is disabled](/docs/tempo/disable).

### The Information Table

Finally each OS Page includes an information table. The table aims to give you a quick overview of the project. More details are available on the [Information Tables](/docs/pages/informationtables) page.

---

## View on GitHub

Each operating system page also offers a link to its place within our GitHub repository. This is helpful for those who want to contribute to the project.

Commit message:

Add paragraph for Share or Copy

public/markdown/pages/os-pages.mdx, after:

---
name: "Operating System Pages"
summary: "About Operating System Pages."
date: "2021-04-12"
---

# Operating System Pages

Each operating system on ULOSINO has it's own Operating System Page. OS Pages are dynamic spaces for OS descriptions, [information tables](/docs/pages/informationtables), links to related information, and links to [ULOSINO Tempo](/docs/tempo) options.

---

## Components

Operating System Pages are made of three key elements.

First there is the description. Then are two sections. There are the links along the top, with information tables underneath.

> **Note:** On desktop, these are to the left and right respectively.

### Description

The description covers most of the page. It's powered by [Markdown](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Markdown) technologies.

The description is a full paragraph covering most aspects of the operating system project. Interesting and unique aspects of the project are highlighted and market position is raised. Descriptions are designed to give you a lot of what you should know about that particular project.

### Links

Next is the links hub. With this hub, you can visit:

- The project's website
- The project's source repository (if applicable)
- ULOSINO Tempo donation options (if applicable and enabled)

You can also share the operating system page with other people and apps here as well. Share or Copy will open the native share menu, bringing in your favourite people and apps into The Friendly Flow.

### The Information Table

Finally each OS Page includes an information table. The table aims to give you a quick overview of the project. More details are available on the [Information Tables](/docs/pages/informationtables) page.

---

## View on GitHub

Each operating system page also offers a link to its place within our GitHub repository. This is helpful for those who want to contribute to the project.
