public/markdown/reference/errors.mdx, before:

---
name: "Error Reference"
summary: "About error codes."
date: "2021-04-12"
---

# Error Reference

---

## Integrated Application Errors (IAEs)

ULOSINO handles common errors using Integrated Application Errors. Some of these are only shown in the browser console.

| IAE                      | Description                                                                                                  |
| ------------------------ | ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------ |
| `ErrorRegionCaught`      | A defined region of the page returned a React Error Boundary (`<ErrorFallback>`)                             |
| `ErrorInUndefinedRegion` | A React Error Boundary was returned in a DOM region not wrapped in a fallback (`<ErrorFallbackApplication>`) |
| `BrowserNotPermitted`    | The browser being used to access ULOSINO isn't supported                                                     |
| `FeatureIsDisabled`      | The feature has been manually disabled by the user (non-default behaviour)                                   |

---

## Other Errors

We've built custom fallbacks for these HTTP error codes:

| HTTP Status | Description  |
| ----------- | ------------ |
| `HTTP 404`  | Not found    |
| `HTTP 500`  | Server error |

We've also built a custom fallback when the browser is offline.

Commit message:

Complete the revised documentation, update public
This completes the updated and expanded documentation. It's now ready for launch. Plus this updates manifests and introduces custom icons

public/markdown/reference/errors.mdx, after:

---
name: "Error Reference"
summary: "About error codes."
date: "2021-04-12"
---

# Error Reference

Refer to this document for an overview of error codes and their meanings.

---

## Integrated Application Errors (IAEs)

ULOSINO handles application errors using Integrated Application Errors. More details may be available in the browser console.

### `BrowserNotPermitted`

The browser that is being used to access ULOSINO isn't supported. Try using a different browser.

### `FeatureIsDisabled`

The feature has been manually disabled by the user (non-default behaviour). Try [restoring the default preferences](/docs/preferences/restore).

### `ErrorRegionCaught`

An error was found in a region of the page which was covered by a fallback (`<ErrorFallback>`).

### `ErrorInUndefinedRegion`

An error was found in a region of the page which was not covered by a fallback.

Because there is no region-scope fallback, the renderer renders an application-scope fallback (`<ErrorFallbackApplication>`), which crashes the application.

To return to ULOSINO, refresh the page.

---

## Request Errors

We've built custom fallbacks for the common HTTP 404 ("Page Not Found") and HTTP 500 ("Internal Server Error") errors.

We've also built a custom fallback when the browser is offline.
